Welcome, brothers and sisters!
Since our last report,
we’ve had seven more special conventions.
They were held
in Philadelphia, United States;
Sofia, Bulgaria;
Suva, Fiji;
Lyon, France;
Asunción, Paraguay;
Tampa, United States;
and Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic.
More than 16,000 delegates
traveled from 101 countries
to attend these conventions.
There was a combined peak attendance
of over 98,000.
And 859 were baptized.
In Paraguay, there are currently
about 11,500 publishers.
Nearly 2,000 delegates
were invited
to attend the special convention.
Remarkably, though,
the peak attendance
was 28,617!
Clearly, there’s much potential for growth.
In fact,
293 were baptized
at this convention alone!
That’s the largest baptism
at one location in the history
of our work in Paraguay.
Jehovah has truly blessed
these special conventions.
Two more remain for 2024,
and we look forward
to 19 special conventions
for the 2025 series.
Here’s a brief legal update.
On September 17, 2024,
the 17 judges
of the Grand Chamber
of the European Court of Human Rights
ruled in favor of Sister Pindo Mulla,
who was given blood transfusions in Spain
against her wishes.
Despite our sister’s clear
oral and written refusal,
a judge in Spain
allowed doctors to proceed.
The Grand Chamber concluded
that this violated her rights.
It confirmed that patients
have the fundamental right
to choose their own medical care.
What makes this decision
especially significant
is that it was issued by the Grand Chamber
of the European Court of Human Rights.
The Grand Chamber issues decisions
only when a case
is considered to be groundbreaking.
Thus, this decision
obligates 46 countries in Europe
to respect patients’ health-care choices.
We’re grateful
to the Grand Chamber for this decision.
Above all, we thank Jehovah
for this legal victory,
which will benefit
all of our brothers and sisters in Europe
as they make
informed medical decisions.
This significant ruling
reminds us how vital it is
to discuss our personal medical choices
with our doctor
and to put these choices in writing,
just as our faithful sister did.
During this month, September 2024,
we’ve all been involved
in a global campaign to start Bible studies
using the Enjoy Life Forever!  brochure.
What a joy to be united
with our brothers and sisters worldwide
in this campaign!
Note a couple of experiences.
Hannelore is an 84-year-old
pioneer sister in Austria.
Because of her health,
she can’t preach from door to door
for long periods of time.
However, she decided
to offer a Bible course
to people who had responded positively
to her visits before.
She thought of six people
and visited them.
She was very happy
to demonstrate the Bible course
with all six people.
The result?
All six agreed to continue
the course in the coming days.
In the Philippines,
while witnessing from house to house,
two publishers
approached a woman named Josie
who was doing laundry
in front of her apartment.
Since Josie was busy,
she told the publishers to talk instead
to her adult son and nephew
who were inside.
Using the direct approach, the publishers
started a Bible study right away
with both the son and the nephew.
As the Bible study was being demonstrated,
Josie’s niece also joined in the discussion
and the publishers
offered her a Bible study,
which she readily accepted.
Now with three persons
involved in the initial Bible study session,
Josie became more curious
and also wanted
to join in the conversation.
Josie too accepted a Bible study.
However, before the two publishers
ended the initial study session,
a fifth family member, Josie’s daughter,
was moved to ask
what they were discussing.
Taking advantage
of yet another opportunity,
the publishers offered her a Bible study,
which she immediately accepted.
In all, five family members
from one household
accepted the offer to have a Bible study
using the direct approach.
Clearly, Jehovah has blessed our efforts
to offer Bible studies during the campaign.
But we want to continue
to focus on starting Bible studies.
Brothers and sisters,
don’t lose the momentum
of this campaign!
Ride the wave of enthusiasm.
Continue to offer Bible studies
at every appropriate opportunity.
What can help us to do so?
Although public witnessing
is an important aspect of our ministry
and Bible studies sometimes result,
we encourage all to share regularly
in the house-to-house work.
And remember, we will have better results
if we call at times
when people are more likely to be home.
This gives us more opportunities
to start conversations
that lead to Bible studies.
Why not try the direct approach
when it seems appropriate?
While sharing in the ministry one evening,
a brother in Germany spoke with a man
who is about 35 years old.
The brother asked him,
“When did you last read the Bible?”
The man replied, “This morning.”
They talked about
why the Bible is valuable,
using Micah 4:3, 4 as an example.
Then, they discussed lesson 01
of the Enjoy Life Forever!  brochure.
The man’s children were present
and read the Bible verses aloud.
The man agreed to start the Bible course.
In addition, many have started studies
by witnessing informally to relatives,
neighbors, coworkers,
shopkeepers, and so forth.
In Tanzania, a sister named Elizabeth
started four new studies
during the first days of the campaign.
One was with a woman
who has a small café
across the street from the Kingdom Hall.
Elizabeth frequently stopped
in her shop for tea
or to purchase small items,
and she decided to offer her a study
using the direct approach.
They watched the video
Welcome to Your Bible Study,
and the woman was delighted.
She said, “We should start right now!”
She also included
her daughter and her niece
in the demonstration of the study.
Elizabeth was so pleased
that she also attended
a congregation meeting.
When asked what she thought of the meeting,
the woman said:
“That’s what I love
about Jehovah’s Witnesses.
“They study the Bible.
“When I go to other churches,
they just sing and preach
“but don’t study the Bible.
“I really loved it.
I will try to come regularly.”
We are happy to hear
these positive experiences.
Our time in the ministry is valuable,
and we want to use it wisely.
As 1 Corinthians 9:26 says:
“Therefore, the way I am running
is not aimlessly;
the way I am aiming my blows
is so as not to be striking the air.”
We love to give Jehovah our best.
In addition to having
a regular share in the house-to-house work,
what else can help us?
In some areas,
publishers have many return visits.
But perhaps
we need to consider prayerfully
if our return visits are productive.
Are such individuals growing
in their love of the truth?
Do they truly appreciate our visits?
Are they interested in a Bible study?
If not, perhaps we are “striking the air.”
It might be best to redirect our efforts.
Those individuals will have
another opportunity to hear the good news
when the territory is worked again.
Of course, balance, patience,
and discernment are needed.
But we want to be sure
we are making the best use of our time.
Similarly, we might ask ourselves,
‘Are my Bible students making progress?’
Prayerfully consider:
Are they accepting Bible truths?
Are they beginning
to apply what they learn
and to make changes where needed?
Have they begun to attend
congregation meetings?
Are they speaking with others
about what they learn?
If they are not progressing, it would be best
to spend our time and energy
seeking out those who are
“rightly disposed for everlasting life.”
So brothers and sisters,
let’s continue to offer Bible studies
at every opportunity!
In many places around the world,
we’re seeing an increase of Bible studies
and tremendous growth.
For example, at a recent convention
in Madagascar
with over 21,000 in attendance,
419 were baptized.
Also, the Philippines reports
that during the 2024 service year,
they had 5 percent growth.
What’s been the result?
For the first time, they reported
more than 260,000 publishers.
The number of studies
has grown to over 252,000,
and 12,201 were baptized
during the service year;
120 new congregations
and 15 new circuits were formed!
Amazing!
Wherever you may live,
we think of Jesus’ words at John 4:35:
“Lift up your eyes and view the fields,
that they are white for harvesting.”
Also, Jesus said to his disciples
at Matthew 9:37, 38:
“Yes, the harvest is great,
“but the workers are few.
“Therefore,
beg the Master of the harvest
to send out workers into his harvest.”
The fields are certainly
“white for harvesting”
in many places around the world.
Of course, that raises the question,
How can we
individually expand our share
in the preaching and teaching work?
Clearly, we each
have different circumstances.
But could you look
for opportunities to serve
as an auxiliary pioneer?
Could you reach out
and become a regular pioneer?
If you’re already pioneering, could you serve
where there is a greater need,
perhaps even in another land?
Have you considered applying to attend
the School for Kingdom Evangelizers?
Some graduates of that school
are used as temporary special pioneers,
special pioneers,
circuit overseers, and missionaries.
Truly, there are so many opportunities
to reach out in Jehovah’s service
according to our own
individual circumstances.
The book Organized to Do Jehovah’s Will,
chapter 10,
discusses many ways
we can expand our ministry.
If we test Jehovah out in this way,
we can be certain of his blessing.
So, what have we discussed?
Keep the momentum
of our special campaign going.
Continue to offer Bible studies
at every opportunity.
We also discussed
the thrilling increases we’re seeing
in many parts of the world.
May we all continue to pray
that ‘the Master sends out
more workers into the harvest.’
And may we continue to do our personal best
to preach and teach
“the good news of the Kingdom.”
Be assured that we cherish
each and every one of you
dear brothers and sisters.
From the World Headquarters
of Jehovah’s Witnesses,
this is JW Broadcasting®.